[Music]
How are you my dear Lovers of the
heart I hope you are doing very well we are starting the
afternoon with some strong news about the
delicate health condition of Cristina
Blanco the mother of Miguel Ángel Muñoz
who was a clairvoyant of the famous in the
90s has been admitted in
serious condition these are not good times
for Miguel Ángel Muñoz according to
several sources Cristina Blanco
is currently admitted to a
hospital in Madrid due to a serious
illness she is now stable assures those
close to her on the other hand it has been
said that she has had to have surgery
due to the illness she suffers from and that
is not all they add that she has had
a leg amputated because of this Miguel Ángel
Muñoz is looking for a center that
provides care for patients who
have difficulty caring for
themselves because of his work as an actor it is
difficult for him to care for her and he cannot be
with her 24 hours a day reveals those
close to the actor Let's hope that
Cristina's health improves and that she can
handle this situation as best as possible
leave your opinions in the comments and I will
be reading them
remember to leave a like and subscribe
To always be up to date with all the
news of the heart, a hug,
family